{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red54\green95\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi432\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Abbie walked through her living room to hang Mystery Man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leather jacket on the coat rack, where it can dry properly and be seen from the living room couch. Abbie was gleefully aware that this jacket had become her new obsession. Maria was finishing off her glass of wine when Abbie sat down with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria opened the conversation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I talked to Steven, and after a lot of convincing, he agreed to stay away tonight. He really is upset, Abbie. He knows he messed up big time. If I were you, I wouldn\u8217\'92t let him off the hook so easily this time. You know Steven, he\u8217\'92ll go all out. You might as well get some flowers and gifts to make up for the nightmare he put you through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to get back together with Steven,\u8221\'94 replied Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid to ask, but does this have something to do with that leather jacket you can\u8217\'92t seem to take your eyes off of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might want to get yourself another glass of wine. You\u8217\'92ll probably need it for what I\u8217\'92m about to tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria again exclaimed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh God,\u8221\'94 and then got up to pour herself another glass of wine. Abbie graciously rejected Maria\u8217\'92s offer to pour her a glass of wine as well. Maria returned to the sofa, swallowed a large gulp of wine, and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m ready. Let\u8217\'92s hear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First of all, don\u8217\'92t worry. I\u8217\'92m not injured. My car wasn\u8217\'92t seriously damaged either when I slid off the road and got stuck in a ditch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you\u8217\'92re okay!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you not to worry. I am more than fine.\u8221\'94 Abbie continues with her version of the evening\u8217\'92s events. \u8220\'93I was in the middle of nowhere when I slid off the road, and I had no way to call for help. That is when fate rained on me. You are right Maria. I was devastated, upset, and furious with Steven. I was stuck out there for half an hour until my Mystery Man came to save the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mystery Man?\u8221\'94 asked Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep!\u8221\'94 said Abbie with a huge smile. \u8220\'93He saw I was freezing and needed help. So he pulled over, put his jacket on me, and wrapped me up in his arms with a big hug. He was so considerate and wanted me to feel safe and comfortable. He put me in the driver\u8217\'92s seat of his car while he assessed the situation and called for help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that sounds exciting! Why do you keep calling him Mystery Man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never found out his name, \u8221\'94 answered Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is getting more interesting by the minute! Describe this Mystery Man to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was the strangest thing, Maria. For the first 20 minutes or so, I couldn\u8217\'92t even tell you what he looked like. I just knew that he was big.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria interrupted to ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Big in a good way or not so good way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Definitely a good way. It was dark, and hard to tell his exact build. I didn\u8217\'92t perceive him as a bodybuilder type, but the man was built like a house. My first thoughts were that he was some sort of lumberjack or football player,\u8221\'94 Abbie said, laughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any idea how old he is? Is he cute?\u8221\'94 asked an intrigued Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I had to guess, I would say he is a few years older than us. Cute is the wrong word. When I finally began to look at his face, I wasn\u8217\'92t sure if I was attracted or not. I\u8217\'92m so used to Steven. His features were strong, and his face was, how can I say it, more mature. I don\u8217\'92t mean old. I just mean more mature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, I am struggling to visualize him, but he doesn\u8217\'92t sound like your type at all, \u8221\'94 noted Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very true. However, I\u8217\'92ve never been so attracted to anyone in my life. You asked if he was cute. I would not describe him as cute, but he was incredibly handsome. He had that good kind of confidence. He had the most amazing smile and beautiful blue eyes. Even though he was built like a house with hands bigger than my head, his touch was as gentle and soft as could be,\u8221\'94 Abbie said as she felt herself gazing into space, recalling the feeling of the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You let him touch you!?\u8221\'94 asked a concerned Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax, it was all very innocent. At least at first. He was just brushing the hair from my face. But I got to tell you, Maria, I had never felt the things I felt when that man touched me for the first time. It was magic! It was exhilarating! And yet, paled in comparison to how I felt when he kissed me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You kissed another man beside Steven!?\u8221\'94 asked a stunned Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie could feel disappointment and even a little judgment from her roommate. Maria only had a friend-level attraction to Steven, but she liked him very much and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to like the idea that Abbie had kissed another man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t forget Maria. Steven had just dumped me. If I had thought about it first, I might have held back. But I in no way regret any of the kisses I shared with my Mystery Man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get that he broke up with you. I guess I\u8217\'92m just struggling to think of you with anyone else but Steven. You said kisses? You kissed him more than once?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We kissed more times in half an hour than Steven and I have kissed in the last six months, maybe longer. The kisses were so much more passionate. Every kiss brought me closer and closer to realizing the truth. Fate had delivered me my soulmate,\u8221\'94 proclaimed a confident Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Soulmate? I can\u8217\'92t even believe I am hearing these words leave your lips. I\u8217\'92ve never heard you describe anyone, not even Steven, as your soulmate,\u8221\'94 stated a bewildered Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie remained calm and serene and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because I never met my soulmate until tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this ever gets back to Steven, he is going to be crushed. I am terrified to ask this next question, did anything more happen than kissing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There may have been some over the clothes hand wandering, but I assure you it was PG-13 at most. But I was up for more if he pursued it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face expressed the shock she was feeling inside. \u8220\'93Oh my God! Are you telling me that you would\u8217\'92ve slept with this man if he wanted it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie smiled and responded with a catchphrase she is famous for, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got that right!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 At this point, Maria was beside herself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92m ready to hear anymore. It\u8217\'92s been a long time since I\u8217\'92ve pictured you with anybody but Steven. I know he broke up with you, but it just feels wrong. I mean, come on, Abbie, you don\u8217\'92t even know his name? You couldn\u8217\'92t have been with them for more than an hour or two. So how can you say he is your soulmate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know for certain how far I would\u8217\'92ve gone with him so soon after the breakup, but I wanted more. I\u8217\'92ll explain why I don\u8217\'92t know his name in the second. But I want to say that none of it felt wrong to me. All of it felt right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie could see that Maria was still struggling and tried to find a way to comfort her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it\u8217\'92s hard to think of me with someone besides Steven. Until tonight, I felt the same way. Compared to Mystery Man, I was slow to recognize the feelings we had for each other. He didn\u8217\'92t reveal his feelings for me until he could see that I was ready. He was quickly able to show me that Steven and I were not right for each other. Somehow Steven knew it, and I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Steven regrets what he did. He wants it to work between you two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Steven is just scared to be alone. He waited five years to propose and broke the engagement because deep inside, he knows we are not right for each other. Steven and I have a checkbox relationship,\u8221\'94 explained Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means he checks all my boxes, and I check all of his. The relationship looks good on paper. It may even look good in practice. Mystery Man helped me understand what I think Steven inherently knows. There is something seriously lacking in that relationship. Steven and I are both settling for each other. Steven and I are comfortable together, but there is no passion. When he\u8217\'92s not around, it\u8217\'92s no big deal. It\u8217\'92s not a problem because, like clockwork, I\u8217\'92ll see him on the weekend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the problem with that? \u8220\'93asked Maria, sincerely trying to understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to be in a relationship anymore with someone I am comfortable being without. I want to be in a relationship with someone who I am uncomfortable being without. Does that make any sense?\u8221\'94 Abbie asked, hoping that Maria was getting on board with her new perspective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria paused for a second to consider what Abbie was saying. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I get what you\u8217\'92re saying. While from the outside, you and Steven look like a great match, but inside, it\u8217\'92s all routine and no passion or excitement. And you want to be with someone you miss terribly when they are not around instead of the mediocre feelings you feel when you and Steven are apart. Is that about right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a good summary. Steven and I have never been passionate about each other. I want that feeling, Maria. I deserve that. So do you, so does everyone. Don\u8217\'92t you want to find your soulmate? The one you can\u8217\'92t bear to be without. The one who makes you feel wonderful with nothing more than a simple touch. Don\u8217\'92t you want that, Maria?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie, almost pleading with Maria to understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I want that. Who doesn\u8217\'92t? I guess that just seems more like movie magic than real life. Are you sure you\u8217\'92re done with Steven? Do you still love him?\u8221\'94 asked Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was thinking about that after my shower. I do still love Steven, and it\u8217\'92s more than just friendship. I love Steven like a boyfriend, but not a soulmate, and not a life partner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure that you couldn\u8217\'92t have that was Steven if you both made an effort? How do you know it would be any different with your Mystery Man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie explained, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would be awkward to try and manufacture that feeling with Steven. It\u8217\'92s just not there. It\u8217\'92s over between him and me. I already have that feeling, that passion, that emotion with my Mystery Man. It was effortless to fall for him. I don\u8217\'92t have to manufacture anything. I may not be as certain as he is that fate brought us together, but I am getting there. And I am 100% sure he is the right man for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As I hear you explain things, the more I\u8217\'92m beginning to see your relationship with Steven in a different light. I am not as convinced as you are that you couldn\u8217\'92t make things work with Steven, but I do get what you\u8217\'92re saying. This might be easier if I knew more about this Mystery Man of yours. Can you tell me why you don\u8217\'92t even know his name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure! The thing about my Mystery Man is that he is all about passion. He\u8217\'92s been stuck in comfortable relationships that look good on paper but lacked when it came to feelings of the heart. So he decided to take an all-or-nothing approach and risk loneliness for a chance to find his true love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria interjected, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he sees you as his one true love? And what does that have to do with not knowing his name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He would say that he knows I am his one true love. He felt it the moment he saw me. He felt like fate had set this all up ahead of time. Eventually, I came around to his way of thinking. But he could see that my confidence wavered a bit. And he also thought it was important that I find closure with Steven, even if it meant giving Steven another chance. He also said it was important for my friends and family to see me single for a while. So that they won\u8217\'92t think he is nothing more than a rebound relationship,\u8221\'94 replied Abbie, still not answering Maria\u8217\'92s question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, that all makes a lot of sense. But it still doesn\u8217\'92t explain why you don\u8217\'92t know his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mystery Man knows that if he gives me any information about him, the first thing I\u8217\'92m going to do, we would do, is hop on the Internet and find out everything there is to know about him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right we would! And why is this a problem?\u8221\'94 questioned Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He said it was a problem because then I\u8217\'92m going to try to make the relationship work on paper. He doesn\u8217\'92t want to risk this becoming a checkbox relationship. He assured me that we most certainly both check each other\u8217\'92s boxes, but that\u8217\'92s not what he\u8217\'92s after. And now that I understand things differently, it\u8217\'92s not what I\u8217\'92m after either. He wants the feeling to sustain us until the next time we see each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When do you plan to see him again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie laid out their plan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His lease is up in a few months, so we decided to meet again at 12 noon, three months from today at the exact location fate first brought us together. Then I\u8217\'92m going to help him find an apartment in town, and we\u8217\'92re going to start a relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It all sounds so unreal. But, Abbie, the most important thing to me is that you\u8217\'92re safe and happy. I can\u8217\'92t help but worry this Mystery Man fantasy that you have comes crashing down on you. I am glad that I have three months to get used to the idea. Of course, I will support you, no matter what. But I also plan to protect you if I see this thing going sideways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie smiled and gave Maria a hug. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t want it any other way!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While the whole thing makes me nervous, I gotta say in the ten years that I\u8217\'92ve known you and the many guys you\u8217\'92ve crushed on, I\u8217\'92ve never seen you look like this before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean that I look like I\u8217\'92ve been touched by an angel?\u8221\'94 Abbie said with a wide smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is exactly what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria and Abbie spent a few more minutes talking before retiring to bed. They both agreed to keep Mystery Man a secret between them for now. Neither of them wanted to hurt Steven and decided silence was the best way to prevent that from happening.}}