{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red54\green95\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi432\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Abbie leaned against her car, praying for a miracle. Now that the worst of the rain had passed, she thought her chances of seeing someone would improve. Almost on cue, she saw headlights of a car driving over the hill in her direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Feelings of both fear and relief overwhelmed Abbie. She was out in the middle of nowhere and had no way to protect herself. She felt quite vulnerable as she contemplated that the driver of this car could be either a serial killer or her savior. Oddly, her biggest fear seemed to be that the car would drive by without stopping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 That thought didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t last long as the car slowed down before pulling over on the opposite side of the road about 30 feet away. The car\u8217\'92s headlights blinded Abbie, but she could hear the driver-side door open and saw a shadowy figure emerge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie remained motionless as her fear levels rose exponentially. The shadowy figure walked slowly towards her. Conditions made it impossible for her to make out any detail, but it was clearly a tall, stocky, male silhouette. The man must have seen the fear in Abbie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. He stopped 6 feet short and, in a deep, masculine voice, asked, \u8220\'93Are you okay miss?\u8221\'94 Abbie nodded to indicate she was okay. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 The shadow man asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there anybody else in the car? Is anybody injured?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Something about this man caused Abbie to feel safe. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if it was his consideration in stopping a few feet away, or was it the strength in his presence or the calming nature of his voice. Whatever it was, all feelings of fear transformed into feelings of relief. Abbie answered, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just me. I\u8217\'92m not injured, but my car is stuck, and I don\u8217\'92t have my phone with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Although Abbie could not make out the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, she could almost feel him smile. He seemed relieved now that she felt relieved. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Abbie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Abbie. Do you mind if I come closer to see how I can help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes you can. Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 The man walked toward her in a very slow, nonthreatening manner. Although some details of the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face were being revealed, the lighting made it impossible to ascertain anything specific. The only thing that she was sure of was that he was tall and stout. She wasn\u8217\'92t sure if his size came from muscle or fat, but she didn\u8217\'92t care. She was just happy that he stopped to help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 As he approached her, he took off his worn but stylish leather jacket and put it around Abbie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re shivering. Get your arms in there too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie felt the immediate warmth provided by this oversized jacket. She opened her mouth in an attempt to thank him but instead burst into tears. These were tears of relief. The man opened his arms, and Abbie moved closer, burying her head into his barrel-sized chest. She continued to cry uncontrollably as he wrapped his long arms around her. Abbie was engulfed in the embrace of the stranger. Her tears slowed. Even though she had no idea who this was or how old he was, she never felt more safe and protected. This man was built like a rock, and a rock is exactly what she needed at this moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Recognizing that Abbie had calmed down, the man released his embrace and took a half step backward. In a mildly authoritative voice, he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to have you sit in the driver\u8217\'92s seat of my car. I want you to turn on the heat, full-blast, while I assess the situation and call for help. Okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie nodded yes. The man gently placed his hand on her back and guided her toward his car. He opened the car door for her. She did as instructed, sat in the driver\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat, and turned the heat up high. Before closing the door, he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie liked the way that this man took charge. She went from feeling like the unluckiest woman in the world to the luckiest woman in the world, having someone so able and willing to help come to her rescue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 She watched as the man disappeared behind her car, presumably to check for damage. A few minutes later, he came around to the driver\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side of her car. She saw him make a call on his cell phone. He was on the phone for about 10 minutes. When he was done, he opened her car door, stopped the engine, and turned on her hazard lights. He walked back to his car, entered through the passenger side, and sat in the seat next to Abbie.}}