{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red54\green95\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi432\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Abbie opened the door to see her fianc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 standing in the breezeway. Surprised by his visit, she said, \u8220\'93Steven?\u8221\'94 Using a smile to mask her disappointment in him crashing her evening alone, she said, \u8220\'93I would hug you, but you\u8217\'92re all wet. How about a kiss?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie noticed that Steven was looking down at the ground. She placed her hand under his chin to lift his head up for a kiss. Instead of receiving a kiss in return, she met with cold, lifeless lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Receiving no response from Steven, she invited him into the apartment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s obviously something wrong. Come into the kitchen, and let\u8217\'92s talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Steven and Abbie sat down at the kitchen table. At no point did he make eye contact, his eyes directed downward the entire time. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you hungry?\u8221\'94 Abbie asked. \u8220\'93I just made some macaroni and cheese. It\u8217\'92s still hot.\u8221\'94 Steven did not respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Expressing her concern, Abbie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay Steven, now you\u8217\'92re scaring me. You won\u8217\'92t even look at me. You haven\u8217\'92t said a word. What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Finding himself unable to look Abbie in the eyes, Steven kept his head lowered and answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is going to be even harder than I thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is going to be harder than you thought?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Abbie.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on Steven, open up. Whatever it is, we\u8217\'92ll figure it out together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Steven finally seemed ready to say what he came to say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not ready to get married.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Steven, I understand. It\u8217\'92s totally normal to have doubts so soon after an engagement. Look, we haven\u8217\'92t announced a date yet, and I see no need to rush things. I waited this long. I don\u8217\'92t mind waiting a little longer to get you past your nerves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not going to work Abbie. I\u8217\'92ve made up my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just spent the last week and a half announcing to the world that we\u8217\'92re going to be married. Do you know how humiliating it will be to tell everybody the engagement is off? Honey, I know it\u8217\'92s scary. Let\u8217\'92s take a couple of months without any wedding talk. If you\u8217\'92re still having doubts, we can discuss our options then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t wait that long Abbie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the rush? Is there another woman?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 That question seemed to give Steven enough confidence to finally look up at Abbie and state, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not! You know I wouldn\u8217\'92t do that to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, what is it Steven? What aren\u8217\'92t you telling me?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Steven placed both of his hands over his face and rubbed up and down before saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is a 14-day return policy on the ring. If I don\u8217\'92t return it in time, I can\u8217\'92t get my money back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Feeling both insulted and shocked, Abbie asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You called to ask their return policy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! I asked them when I bought the ring,\u8221\'94 said Steven feeling his reasoning would make sense to Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You asked about their return policy when you were buying my engagement ring!?\u8221\'94 replied a doubly shocked and doubly insulted Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Steven looked down in shame and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It sounds terrible when you say it like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because it is terrible! Why in the hell would you ask about their return policy when buying me an engagement ring!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know Abbie. Maybe I was worried you wouldn\u8217\'92t say yes,\u8221\'94 said Steven sounding like he was trying to convince himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s bullshit Steven! You know I\u8217\'92ve been waiting for years for you to propose. There is no way I would ever have said no!\u8221\'94 shouted Abbie. \u8220\'93If you knew you didn\u8217\'92t want to marry me, then why on earth would you propose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 As the intensity in Abbie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice rose, Steven\u8217\'92s voice took on a quiet and apologetic tone. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know Abbie. I guess after five years together, it seemed like the next step to take. I think I knew even before I went to the jeweler. I can\u8217\'92t explain why I didn\u8217\'92t stop then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it Steven!\u8221\'94 Abbie said as she took off the ring and shoved it at him. \u8220\'93Go ahead and return the ring. I don\u8217\'92t want it anymore anyway. If you were having doubts, I wish you would have talked to me before proposing. Whenever you\u8217\'92re finally ready to commit to me, I want a different ring. Don\u8217\'92t waste any time trying to find this one again!\u8221\'94 exclaimed Abbie in a voice that was getting louder with each sentence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you understand Abbie. I\u8217\'92m not just breaking off the engagement. I think we need some time apart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re ending our relationship!?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie as tears flowed uncontrollably from her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes Abbie. I think that\u8217\'92s best. At least for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie burst into a full-out crying episode. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this is happening! I gave you five years of my life, and now you\u8217\'92re just going to dump me? You led me to believe that we would spend our lives together. Why would you do that to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were going to end up together. At least that\u8217\'92s what I told myself. I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 apologized Steven.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Reaching a level nearing hysteria, Abbie got up, went to the front door, and grabbed her keys. Abbie was in such a hurry to leave the apartment that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take anything else on her way out. Even though it was fairly cold outside, she slipped on her open-toed flip-flops to make a faster exit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Before slamming the door behind her, she shouted a demand to Steven, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything that you don\u8217\'92t want to be thrown away, better be out of here by the time I get back! I\u8217\'92m going to dispose of anything that reminds me of you! I don\u8217\'92t ever want to see you again!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie was still crying hysterically. She had no idea where she was going or what she was going to do. Abbie walked slowly to her car, hoping that Steven would chase after her. By the time she got to her car, she was soaked by the rain. She started her car, turned on the heat, and sat there waiting for Steven to find her. After waiting for 15 minutes with no sign of Steven, Abbie thrust the car into gear and took off.}}