{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 BaskOldFace;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red54\green95\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ri-720\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the best of conditions, Abbie is not known as the best driver in the world. It was not just the road conditions that made it dangerous for Abbie to be out. She was in hysterics, and the constant flow of tears made it hard for her to see where she was going.}
\par\pard\plain \fi432\ri-720\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Even if she could see, Abbie had no idea where she was going. Every store, every restaurant, every park, everywhere in this small town held a memory of Steven. The only thought in her mind was to get as far away from anything \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Steven\u8221\'94 as possible. Steven lived two towns to the north, and the Smoky Mountains laid to be South and the East. Abbie knew she was in no condition to navigate the mountain roads, so she decided to go west.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Within 15 minutes, she was well outside of any town. She turned left, then right, then right, then left, getting both lost and nowhere fast. By the time she got back to a road that she recognized, she realized that she had been driving 15 more minutes only to get closer to her hometown. She decided it was best to stay on the main road and follow it west until she no longer thought of Steven.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There were no streetlights on this dark country road. Abbie was somewhat familiar with this road. However, between the lack of light, torrential downpour, and her tear-ridden eyes, road visibility was near zero. So far, Abbie had been able to navigate successfully. Up till now, the road had been running in a straight line. That was about to change.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie was coherent enough to know she should keep her speed down. But under these conditions, any speed is too fast. This was especially true as she unknowingly approached a long stretch of winding curves. Abbie was unprepared for the S-curve ahead. By the time she saw the sign, it was too late. Then Abbie broke the number one rule in a situation like that. She panicked and slammed both feet onto the brake pedal. Her car spun 360 degrees a time or two before landing her backward in a ditch at a 30\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u176\'B0 angle with its headlights pointing to the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie reached new levels of hysteria as she floored the gas in a futile attempt to escape the ditch. With each press on the gas pedal, she managed to dig herself deeper into the mud. Realizing she could not drive her way out of the ditch, she let out the loudest scream ever and banged her head on the steering wheel a couple of times in frustration. Abbie went into a state of total meltdown.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie cried and cried and cried until both her tears in the rain outside slowed to a drizzle. She had been there for at least half an hour with not a soul in sight. Not knowing what else to do, she decided to get out and take a look. Being stuck at an upward angle, opening the door was no easy task. Eventually, Abbie made her way out into the road. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The lights from her car pointed upward and were of little value to her. She had nothing to help her see, no phone, no flashlight, no emergency equipment. This situation was the perfect time to trash Steven. With no one to hear, she talked out loud, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of loser-ass boyfriend doesn\u8217\'92t insist that his girlfriend keep a flashlight in her car? He has one in his car.\u8221\'94 Abbie wondered out loud, \u8220\'93Did he ever care about me? Did he ever once think about my safety?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As sadness turned into anger, Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tears stop flowing, and she just felt numb. She was cold, soaking wet, and felt completely helpless. She looked around for signs of people and somewhere she could get help. All Abbie saw were trees, fields, and the road she was on. Abbie had always laughed when people misuse the word literally. Tonight was her turn as she said, \u8220\'93I am literally in the middle of nowhere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie was too numb to cry. She didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think she had any tears left in her anyway. She stood almost paralyzed next to her car, wondering how long it would be for another fool to be driving in the middle of nowhere in the pouring rain. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}