{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 BaskOldFace;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red54\green95\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ri-720\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The man smiled and asked Abbie, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want the good news or the bad news?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi432\ri-720\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I could use some good news,\u8221\'94 replied Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We won\u8217\'92t be able to be certain until we tow out your car, but I didn\u8217\'92t see any signs of serious damage. The tow truck will just need to pull you out of the ditch back onto the road. I recommend that you take it through a drive-through carwash on your way home. I\u8217\'92d go through two or three times. Country mud is like concrete when it dries, so best to clean as much of it off while still wet. Then I\u8217\'92d take it into a car detailer tomorrow, so they can get underneath and remove the remaining chunks of mud.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That is good news! I was sure I destroyed the back of my car. So what\u8217\'92s the bad news?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Apparently, you are not the only one to crash your car tonight. The dispatcher said it might be a while before he can get a truck out here. He didn\u8217\'92t make any promises, but he has one guy that lives near here, and he\u8217\'92s going to try to get a hold of him even though it\u8217\'92s his night off. So we might be here for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We?\u8220\'93 asked Abbie. \u8220\'93I feel bad. You know you don\u8217\'92t have to stay here and wait with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man with a confident smile said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m pretty sure I do. There is no way I\u8217\'92m going to leave you out here alone in the rain by yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m embarrassed to admit this, but I don\u8217\'92t have my purse with me. All my credit cards and money are in my purse. Do you think they\u8217\'92ll be willing to take payment when I get home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about that,\u8221\'94 said the man. \u8220\'93I belong to a motor club, and I get several free tows a year. I\u8217\'92ll tip the guy an extra 40 bucks for his time. You don\u8217\'92t need to pay me back for that either. Just pay it forward to someone else in the future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you so much! I greatly appreciate all of your help tonight, and I promise to pay your generosity forward.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re quite welcome,\u8221\'94 the man said with a smile. \u8220\'93Do you need to call anybody and let them know you\u8217\'92re safe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I haven\u8217\'92t been gone that long. My roommate is working the evening shift and won\u8217\'92t get home for a few hours anyway.\u8221\'94 Abbie paused for a moment and then asked, \u8220\'93So what should we talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is it, friends, family, or men?\u8221\'94 asked the man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Considering the way you\u8217\'92ve been crying and the fact that you have no phone, no purse, and sporting a mismatched outfit, my Spidey senses say you had a big fight and ran out of the house.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your Spidey senses are correct,\u8221\'94 confirmed Abbie. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s men. Specifically a man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s answer seemed to peak the man\u8217\'92s interest. \u8220\'93Do tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. It feels kind of weird sharing my personal problems with a stranger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Who better to share personal problems with than a stranger? Think of it. I don\u8217\'92t know anyone you know. So anything you tell me can\u8217\'92t get back to them. And since I\u8217\'92ll only hear your version of things, I\u8217\'92ll always take your side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a good point! Well, the short of it is my boyfriend of five years and fianc\u233\'E9 of one week just dumped me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie waited for the obligatory words to console her, but instead, the man said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow! You are a lucky girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky?\u8221\'94 replied a surprised Abbie. \u8220\'93You have a strange concept of the word lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do I? It sounds to me like you dodged a bullet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me about your relationship with your ex. What\u8217\'92s his name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Steven and I had a good relationship. He\u8217\'92s a great guy. He\u8217\'92s good-looking, has a steady job, treats me well most of the time. My friends and family adore him. He\u8217\'92s reliable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man interrupts Abbie. Clearly trying to make a point, the man said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He checks all your boxes, doesn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie was slightly triggered and offended by this comment. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with being with someone who has redeeming qualities?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing.\u8221\'94 replied the man. \u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re missing the most important quality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 asked a curious Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Passion! You\u8217\'92ve been with this guy for five years, and you don\u8217\'92t even live together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He has a good job two towns away, and that\u8217\'92s a pretty long commute for work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s energy increases as he says, \u8220\'93So what! That reason may be legit for a few months, but not a few years. People who are passionately in love with each other find a way to be together as much as possible. Except in the rarest of circumstances, no job or long commute would prevent them from living together. You said you been together for five years? Be honest, how many of those years have you been waiting for him to propose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I guess at least three years,\u8221\'94 Abbie replied as she looked down, feeling a bit ashamed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How often do you see Steven? \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see him almost every weekend, and during the week when we have something specific we have planned?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93During the weekdays, when you\u8217\'92re not with Steven, how do you feel about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean. I guess I feel normal. I know I\u8217\'92ll see Steven on the weekend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man continues to speak passionately. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you see how lucky you are? Steven did you a favor. He may not have been consciously aware of it, but if he waited five years to propose and bailed after a week, he knew that you two weren\u8217\'92t right for each other. Don\u8217\'92t you want a relationship where you\u8217\'92re madly and passionately in love with your partner?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see what you\u8217\'92re saying, I do. I love Steven, but I\u8217\'92m beginning to realize it is not with the passion you\u8217\'92re describing. Of course, I\u8217\'92d love to have a passionate relationship, but not every girl gets that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man continues to make his point enthusiastically. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you just settle? You find a guy who checks all your boxes, you get comfortable and sacrifice the most important thing in a romantic relationship, the passion, the romance!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I never thought of myself as settling for Steven. But, even if I did, what\u8217\'92s wrong with settling for a decent guy I care about? It\u8217\'92s better than the risk of being alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not for me, not anymore. If I settle for the wrong partner, I have zero chance of finding the right one. So I\u8217\'92d rather take the chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am starting to see your point. I\u8217\'92ve never felt that passion for anyone, not even when Steven and I first got together. We got along. All the pieces seem to fit. I guess I just got comfortable and stopped looking for anything else,\u8221\'94 Abbie conceded as a clump of drying hair fell onto her face covering her eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Before reaching his hand out to brush Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hair from her eye, he asked, \u8220\'93May I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie found herself gently nodding yes without any conscious effort. The man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s large hands carried a gentle touch. Abbie\u8217\'92s eyes closed involuntarily as his fingers touched her skin. It took three soft caressing swipes to push Abbie\u8217\'92s hair back behind her ear. Chills ran up and down her spine as his hand grazed her cheek and intensified throughout her entire body as his fingers circled her ears, then gently slid down her neck.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When the man was done clearing Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hair from her face, her eyes open slowly, and everything had changed. This man was no longer just a shadowy hero. For the first time, she looked at him like a man. She now saw his face in vivid detail. He had strong features, dark, almost black hair, and thick eyebrows. He wasn\u8217\'92t good-looking in the way that Steven was. But something about this man made him more attractive and appealing than Steven could ever be.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sure what it was. Was it his confidence? Was it his smile? Was it his strong presence? Was it his gentle touch? She was uncertain of the answer. While this man may not have had traditional good looks, he was quite handsome in his own way. Abbie could not think of a time when she was as attracted to a man as she was at this moment. The man\u8217\'92s confident smile was evidence that her face must have revealed her attraction to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even know your name, \u8220\'93said Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s keep that a mystery for now,\u8221\'94 replied the man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t want to tell me your name? Are you some celebrity or famous football player trying to protect your identity?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I played football in college, but I assure you my current profession is shared by men and women of all ages, shapes, and sizes. I promise to explain later why I don\u8217\'92t want to give you my name just yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Unphased, Abbie said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, mystery man, I\u8217\'92ll play along for now. I don\u8217\'92t see a ring on your finger. Have you found your Miss right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thought I did in my last three relationships. The first two, I now realize that was just optimistic thinking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie interjected, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And the third?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That relationship ended about six months ago. Like your Steven, my Jenny was a great match. She checked all the boxes. She was good looking, a great person, my friends and family loved her, yada yada yada. But then I had an epiphany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93An epiphany?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! I was on a road trip with my professional football team.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie interrupted, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you were a football player!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 The man laughed heartily. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am just teasing you. I was on a business trip relaxing in my hotel room. Jenny and I were texting the usual things couples text when they are apart. Things like \u8216\'91I love you. I can\u8217\'92t wait to see you again. I miss you.\u8217\'92 And then it hit me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie chimed in again. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Those texts weren\u8217\'92t true?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that they weren\u8217\'92t true. It\u8217\'92s that the texts weren\u8217\'92t important. As I was lying in my hotel room, I was thinking it would be fine if Jenny were here. I\u8217\'92d love to see her. But it was just as well if she wasn\u8217\'92t. It wasn\u8217\'92t as though I was completely indifferent, but I wasn\u8217\'92t passionate. That\u8217\'92s when I realized I wanted more out of a relationship. I needed more. I want to be with a woman I love so deeply that it physically pains me to be without her. I was more interested in the room service menu than I was in texting Jenny. That is when I knew things had to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I certainly would categorize that as an epiphany. I understand what you\u8217\'92re saying. To be honest, before I knew Steve came over to break up, I felt disappointed that he was interrupting my alone time. So what happened with Jenny?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I got home, I had a painful break up with her. She didn\u8217\'92t understand why I was breaking up, and at the time, I don\u8217\'92t know if I was sure either. I just know I needed something more than a checkbox relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And since then, you haven\u8217\'92t found that woman for which you yearn?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I started dating with a new perspective. If I didn\u8217\'92t feel that passion on the first few dates, I ended things quickly. Even when there was chemistry and even if I really liked the woman. I had a new standard for a relationship. Unfortunately, I became discouraged as no woman inspired that feeling that I was seeking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think you\u8217\'92ll ever find her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I had my doubts until tonight. Actually, until about 30 minutes ago,\u8221\'94 the man said as he gazed more deeply into Abbie\u8217\'92s eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me? You think I\u8217\'92m that girl?\u8221\'94 Abbie asked, uncertain how to respond.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I know your that girl! Fate brought us together. Can\u8217\'92t you see it? Don\u8217\'92t you feel it?\u8221\'94 Mystery man\u8217\'92s words were passionate and sincere.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure what I feel,\u8221\'94 said a bewildered Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mystery man leaned in to kiss Abbie. His kiss was as soft as his touch. This kiss triggered all the same endorphins as his caresses but at quadruple the intensity. Abbie found herself getting lost in their connection. Time and space seem to fall away, leaving Abbie with no idea of how long they had kissed. When mystery man pulled back, he watched as Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes opened, awakening to her deeper feelings for him. His smile grew wider.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure now?\u8221\'94 asked mystery man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 proclaimed Abbie. \u8220\'93I just wish I was as sure as you were. How can you be so confident fate brought us together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man was excited to answer this question, and his enthusiasm showed in his voice. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it, Abbie. What are the chances that you\u8217\'92re going to find yourself in a ditch, on a country road, with no phone, no purse, no way to seek help? When was the last time that happened to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Never.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly! Fate put this all together for us. If you hadn\u8217\'92t dated Steven for five years, or if he hadn\u8217\'92t broken up with you exactly when he did, or if it wasn\u8217\'92t raining so hard tonight, we may have never met. Fate went out of its way to make sure this meet-up happened. How long had you been waiting for help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Probably about half an hour,\u8221\'94 answered Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This may be a country road, but it is the main road between towns. Half an hour is a long time without seeing a car. Fate made sure that no one else got to you before I did. Let me tell you something you don\u8217\'92t know. I am on this road because I\u8217\'92m on my way to my parents\u8217\'92 house to help my father with a project on their new home. I\u8217\'92ve never driven on this road before. My parents have lived in the same home since I was a child. Then one day, poof, they tell my siblings and me that they\u8217\'92re moving out to the country. I am totally convinced fate had a hand in that decision. We were meant to meet tonight!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mystery man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s enthusiasm extended into a more passionate makeout session. Abbie could not remember ever being kissed this way by Steven. She certainly never felt the way she is feeling during this kiss. As Abbie thought more about it, she concluded that for Steven, kissing was more of an obligatory prelude for sex. Fortunately, this was not the case for her mystery man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mystery man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s kisses sent a message. Their kisses were connective, sincere, not a means to an end. To Abbie, mystery man\u8217\'92s kisses were an expression of his feelings and his passion for her. She had never been kissed by anybody like this before, and she never put so much thought into what a kiss meant to her. This experience has shown Abbie that a kiss doesn\u8217\'92t have to be just something couples do. There kissing was quickly removing many of Abbie\u8217\'92s doubts. And when they were done, Abbie was feeling \u8220\'93all-in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, you\u8217\'92ve convinced me. Fate rained on us today,\u8221\'94 Abbie conceded.  \u8220\'93What do we do now? I don\u8217\'92t know anything about you, not even where you live. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I live about two hours away,\u8221\'94 informed mystery man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I live near here. How do we make this work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been thinking about that since I saw you. The moment I arrived, I could feel fate had something special in mind. My suspicions were confirmed when I saw the most beautiful woman I\u8217\'92ve ever met standing before my eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, I don\u8217\'92t feel beautiful at all. I\u8217\'92m a total disaster right now,\u8221\'94 replied an insecure Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s fantastic! If you look this gorgeous at your worst, imagine how beautiful you will be when you\u8217\'92re at your best. I hope my heart can take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I like the way you think mystery man,\u8221\'94 Abbie said, grinning from ear to ear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I figured you lived around here, and after hearing the circumstances that brought you here to me, I\u8217\'92ve come up with a plan. Here is what we\u8217\'92re going to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t stop herself from mentally comparing Steven with her mystery man. Steven was indecisive about everything. She often felt like half their time together was spent endlessly contemplating what they would eat for their next meal or which restaurant they would go for dinner. She envisioned a much different experience with her mystery man. Mystery man seemed to know what he wants. He\u8217\'92s a man with a plan, and Abbie liked the authoritative way he was about to lay it out for her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man continued, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My apartment lease ends in a few months. Let\u8217\'92s meet back here in three months. I think you\u8217\'92ll need that time to wrap things up with Steven and be ready for us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But what if I\u8217\'92m ready now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 He laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you ready now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 proclaimed a more confident Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 He beamed a smile and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I like what I\u8217\'92m hearing,\u8221\'94 as he gave Abbie a single long, slow kiss. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man continued, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I love that you\u8217\'92re living and feeling in the moment right now. But I think it\u8217\'92s important to find closure with Steven and allow yourself some time before starting a new relationship. Steven is going to make a concerted effort to get back together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie piped in, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Steven made it pretty clear that he was done with me. So what makes you think he is going to change his mind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93One look in your mirror will answer that question. He is not going to let you go that easy. Don\u8217\'92t be surprised if you find yourself giving him a second chance. If you have been together for five years, he knows the things you like, and he knows how to play on your emotions. He\u8217\'92ll do what he needs to win you back,\u8221\'94 explained mystery man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I seriously doubt he wants to get back together, but you\u8217\'92re right; we have broken up before, and he does have a way of wooing me back. Aren\u8217\'92t you worried that he might succeed?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, because I know that even if you get back together with him, you\u8217\'92ll be thinking of me the whole time,\u8221\'94 answered mystery man flashing a sly smile.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are pretty sure of yourself, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie as she smiled back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man became more serious and looked deep into Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes as he said, \u8220\'93I am that sure of us,\u8221\'94 and then they kissed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man decided to go deeper into his reasoning for the three-month wait.  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Abbie, the time apart is not just to get things cleared with Steven. It\u8217\'92s also for your friends and family.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8220\'93 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You said your friends and family adore Steven. If you bring me into the picture too soon, your family may not accept me, or they may think of me as just a rebound relationship. They need to see you single for a while. They need to mourn your relationship with Steven and get their closure too. This time off is for you as well. Since my last relationship, these last six months have given me time to reset, renew, and prepare for something better. I\u8217\'92d like to see you have that time as I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you\u8217\'92re right. I\u8217\'92m sorry I got you off track. Continue sharing your plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Getting back to his plan, mystery man says, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s meet back here exactly three months from today at noon. Then, we\u8217\'92ll head into town to find me an apartment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re willing to move here just like that? What about your friends and family? What about your work?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I work at home, so no problem there. I\u8217\'92ll actually be moving a lot closer to my parents, and my siblings are scattered across the country. As for my friends, two hours is not that long to drive. We will still get to see them often enough.\u8221\'94 Mystery man ups his enthusiasm as he emphasizes, \u8220\'93Try and understand Abbie. None of that stuff matters to me. I want to be with you, near you. Even if everything I said weren\u8217\'92t the case, I would do anything just to be with you, even if I needed to get a new job. There are a million jobs. There\u8217\'92s only one you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man could see that Abbie was struggling with her thoughts. So he asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you still having doubts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It all feels so sudden, so unreal. I want to believe. I want to have the confidence that you do. But I\u8217\'92m scared. I don\u8217\'92t even know your name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man decided it was time to explain why he is apprehensive about giving his name to Abbie. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me explain why I don\u8217\'92t want to give you my name. If I give you my name, the first thing you\u8217\'92re going to do when you get home is try to find out as much information as you can about me. It will quickly become a box-checking exercise. I assure you that I will check all your boxes, and I\u8217\'92m sure you will check all of my boxes too. But then we become all about the details. That\u8217\'92s the last thing I want. I want this to be about the emotion and passion we feel for each other. If we can\u8217\'92t sustain this feeling for three months, then what is the point of it all?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I love everything you\u8217\'92re saying. I feel everything you\u8217\'92re feeling. But there is this little voice inside that warns me that this is all some sort of game. Like this is some elaborate ruse to get me into bed. I\u8217\'92ve seen men do some very creative things for no other reason.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man looked at Abbie and thought silently for a few moments before asking, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Abbie, if I asked you to come home with me for the night or the weekend, would you do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know I would,\u8221\'94 answered Abbie as if it were a rhetorical question.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly my point. I\u8217\'92m not in this for short-term fun, Abbie. I\u8217\'92m in this for the long term. I don\u8217\'92t want to wait three months to see you. It\u8217\'92s going to feel like torture. But I know that this time apart is best for our long-term success. Can\u8217\'92t you see that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but I guess I just need reassurance. This is all so unexpected. I think another kiss might help, \u8221\'94 requested Abbie with a smile. But, to Abbie\u8217\'92s dismay, an approaching tow truck interrupted her incoming kiss.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Duty calls,\u8221\'94 said mystery man before he exited the car.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Abbie watched as her mystery man made sure the tow truck driver took extra care when pulling her car out of the ditch. She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t help recognize how opposite her mystery man was from Steven. In the hour that Abbie knew mystery man, he had already shown more attentiveness and concern for her well-being than Steven did in the last three years of the relationship. She wondered how she could ever have seen Steven as Mr. right, when she now sees him as Mr. wrong, at least for her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After a significant effort, mystery man and the tow truck driver successfully excavated Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s car from the muddy ditch. Abbie watched as mystery man tipped the tow truck driver, shook his hand, and headed back to his car.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 He opened the driver\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s side door and stretched his hand out for Abbie. She took his hand. As he helped her out of the car, he said, \u8221\'94Your chariot awaits, me lady.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They held hands as they walked to Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s car. He leaned Abbie against the side door of her car, where they spent several minutes kissing each other.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does this night really have to end so soon?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do need to get to my parents\u8217\'92 house. Plus, I think it\u8217\'92s important to leave each other wanting more, much more. That will help sustain the feeling until we meet again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m worried. What happens if an unforeseen circumstance prevents us from getting here three months from today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a good question. If we know ahead of time, we can send a messenger with an explanation and contact information. If it is a last-minute situation, let\u8217\'92s agree that if either of us is a no-show, we wait exactly one week and meet again at noon,\u8221\'94 said mystery man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Still worried, Abbie asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But what if something happens a second time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Showing understanding and patience, mystery man kissed Abbie and then said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fate didn\u8217\'92t put us together, just to take us apart before we get started.\u8221\'94 Then, he looked deep into Abbie\u8217\'92s eyes and confidently reassured her, \u8220\'93I will be there, I promise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man decided to lighten the mood and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what. You keep the jacket. That\u8217\'92s my favorite jacket, and I\u8217\'92ll absolutely be back for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good, because I love this jacket. I was planning to hold onto it anyway,\u8221\'94 Abbie said, laughing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Making a final attempt to alleviate Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s concerns, mystery man says, \u8220\'93If providing my name will provide you the reassurance you\u8217\'92re looking for, I\u8217\'92ll be happy to give it to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie considered mystery man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s offer and replied, \u8220\'93No, you\u8217\'92re right. If I get any information about you, my roommate and I will be on the Internet all night trying to find out what we can about you. I want this to be about the way we feel about each other and not about the details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man opens the car door for Abbie, and she gets in. She rolls down the window at mystery man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s request. He tells her, \u8220\'93I did my best to make sure your car is in working order. I\u8217\'92ll wait here while you drive off. If you have any problems at all, or you hear any funky noises. Stop the car, and I\u8217\'92ll come to check it out.\u8221\'94 Mystery man gives Abbie a final passionate kiss and sends her on her way.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie stops her car about 40 feet away, prompting mystery man to come see what\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong. He asks, \u8220\'93Is there a problem with the car?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie smiles and says, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I just wanted another kiss before I go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Mystery man laughs and complies with Abbie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s request. Then, after yet another long passionate kiss, mystery man pulls back and jokes, \u8220\'93Get out of here before we take this thing to the next level.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3 Abbie smiles and confirms, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Three months from today, 12 o\u8217\'92clock noon sharp,\u8221\'94 and then drives off toward home.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf3}