{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red54\green95\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs26\cf0
\pard\plain \fi432\sa160\sl259\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26 Abbie and Maria were in the same car approaching the final hill before the meeting spot. However, the driver, Maria, and the passenger Abbie were having two completely different experiences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excitement was palpable, as was her optimism. Unfortunately, Maria\u8217\'92s emotions were the polar opposite. Maria was certain Mystery Man was not going to show, and her friend was going to suffer. They were one minute away from finding out which perspective was correct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 When they reached the top of the hill, only a seatbelt prevented Abbie from popping up and hitting her head on the ceiling of the car. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be more excited. Mystery Man was already there waiting. His car was facing the same direction they were driving. He was leaning on the hood of his vehicle facing in the opposite direction. It didn\u8217\'92t appear that he saw them yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s here! He\u8217\'92s here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria pulled over to the side of the road and put the car in park.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you pull over?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t want to say anything until I knew if he showed or not. I happen to know that Steven is not with anyone, and he still asks about you. I can\u8217\'92t make any promises, but that door is probably still open if you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie paused her excitement for a moment so that Maria could see that she was serious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even if things don\u8217\'92t develop with Mystery Man, Steven is my past. He is not my present, and he is not my future. Getting over Steven was harder than I thought. I cried every day for two weeks straight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria interjected, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. I was there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you remember that I finally decided to let it go. And since then, haven\u8217\'92t I been happy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You been happier than I\u8217\'92ve ever seen you. And honestly, it\u8217\'92s kind of annoying sometimes,\u8221\'94 Maria said, laughing at her own joke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because I finally moved on and started looking forward to my future, a future that happens to be waiting for me at the bottom of this hill. So let\u8217\'92s get going!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, but if I sense any danger, I\u8217\'92m going to keep driving. And I want you to stay in the car until I feel comfortable letting you out. Agreed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed!\u8221\'94 said Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria put the car in drive and proceeded slowly past Mystery Man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car. She didn\u8217\'92t sense any danger, so she pulled over about 20 feet ahead of him. Abbie grabbed the leather jacket and looked over to her friend, and asked, \u8220\'93Can I get out now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria looked in her rearview mirror and saw Mystery Man smiling, waiting for Abbie. Maria said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see how excited you are. And I know you want to go out there, run and jump on him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got that right!\u8221\'94 Abbie said with a big smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For now, just play it cool. We don\u8217\'92t know how he is feeling. You don\u8217\'92t want to be humiliated if he doesn\u8217\'92t share your enthusiasm. I\u8217\'92ll give you two a few minutes to get reacquainted, and then I will come out to meet him. You can go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie decided to follow Maria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s advice and play it cool for now. However, there was little she could do to hide her excitement. Her ear-to-ear grin could only be matched by the smile of the man smiling back at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 She walked up to him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Mystery Man smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is nowhere else I\u8217\'92d rather be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you here for the jacket or the girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What jacket?\u8221\'94 said Mystery Man, making it clear that he was here for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Somehow Abbie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile grew even wider as she said, \u8220\'93Good! I was planning to keep it. It\u8217\'92s mine now. But I\u8217\'92ll be happy to let you borrow it anytime you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Neither were sure what they should do. Should they hug? Should they kiss? Maria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence, peering at them through the rearview mirror, made the situation feel awkward. Abbie twisted her body and waved for Maria to come and meet her Mystery Man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria took her time getting out of the car. The first thing she noticed as she approached was that these two couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take their eyes off each other. Eventually, Maria made her way next to Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie made the introductions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mystery man, this is Maria, my best friend of 10 years, my roommate, and apparently my bodyguard for the day. Maria, this is Mystery Man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Mystery Man temporarily broke his gaze on Abbie and turned to Maria. He flashed his confident smile and put out his hand. As Maria shook his hand, he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am pleased to meet you, Maria. My name is Noah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Hearing Noah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name for the first time caused Abbie to bounced up and down with child-like excitement. She instantly decided that the name Noah was the most awesome name in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria returned the pleasantry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nice to finally meet you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria had expected a strong, firm handshake to match his stature, and was surprised at how gentle the handshake was. Her father had always told her that you can tell a lot from a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handshake. Noah\u8217\'92s handshake, seemed to say, \u8220\'93I care. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze had already returned to Abbie. Prompting Maria to say, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m feeling like a third wheel here. I am going to let you two have your space. But I\u8217\'92m still keeping an eye out. I am going to pull down there on the other side of the road. Wave if you need me, Abbie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 While keeping his gaze locked in the direction of Abbie, Noah pulled out his wallet and handed it to Maria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I figured you want to know all about me. If you can get a signal, my wallet has my name, business card, and everything you need to know to find me on the Internet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria was impressed by this gesture. She decided to take it a step further. She put out her hand and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your keys?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie scolded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maria! He already gave you his wallet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah laughed and handed Maria his car keys and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind. I admire a woman who looks out for her friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait up, Maria.\u8221\'94 She turned back to Noah, smiled, and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back. I want to put my jacket in the car.\u8221\'94 Then she told Noah, \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you go anywhere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I? How could I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good point!\u8221\'94 And then headed toward Maria\u8217\'92s car.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 They got in the car together to have a quick talk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Seeking Maria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assessment of Noah, Abbie asked, \u8220\'93Okay, give it to me straight. What do you think of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I think of him? Hubba hubba, that\u8217\'92s what I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be more excited to hear Maria\u8217\'92s words. \u8220\'93Really!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Maria was excited to share her observations with Abbie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God! Abbie, you described him so perfectly! You were right. As big as he is, he is gentle and considerate. He may not have Steven\u8217\'92s pretty-boy looks, but he is so much more attractive!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excitement intensified with Maria\u8217\'92s every word. \u8220\'93You really mean this? You\u8217\'92re not just saying this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am being totally honest. Until today, I couldn\u8217\'92t imagine you with anybody but Steven. But now that I\u8217\'92ve seen you two together, I can\u8217\'92t see you with anybody else but Noah. You know how much I care for Steven. But all of a sudden, he seems like just a boy. Noah is clearly all man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie squealed and giggled with excitement and gave her friend a big hug and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so glad you like him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do like him. I\u8217\'92ll tell you what I like most about him. It\u8217\'92s the way he looks at you. You look smokin\u8217\'92 hot in that dress, and I don\u8217\'92t even think he noticed it. It didn\u8217\'92t matter what you were wearing. He was dialed into you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so happy. So does he have your official seal of approval?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 The always protective Maria said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92ll still have to prove himself, and my mobile does have signal, so I do plan to check him out. But so far, I like everything I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie put the leather jacket in the back seat, gave Maria another hug, and exited the vehicle. She waited there until Maria pulled away. Then she slowly approached Noah as she had before. No words needed to be said as they embraced and kissed for the first time in three months.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie looked up at Noah and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was just like I remember. Kissing you feels like\u8230\'85like\u8230\'85like home.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be honest, did you have any doubts since the last time I saw you?\u8221\'94 asked a curious Noah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie laughed as she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only about a dozen times!\u8221\'94 Abbie continued, \u8220\'93There were times when anxiety would overcome me. It all seemed so crazy. But I would take a deep breath and remember the way you touched me, the way you kissed me, and the way you held me, and in no time at all, I was right as rain. If I were really anxious, I\u8217\'92d wear your jacket. It had a calming effect on me. But it\u8217\'92s been weeks since I\u8217\'92ve had any doubts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about you? I can\u8217\'92t imagine you had any doubts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah lowers his head to appear shameful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? You had doubts!? You always seemed so confident,\u8221\'94 said Abbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah lowered his voice, pretending to be embarrassed, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Abbie. I had doubts. The minute you drove away, I thought to myself, }{\f1\fs26\i1 What was I thinking! I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to wait three months. I should have said two months. That would\u8217\'92ve been plenty of time for her to wrap things up at home!}{\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie laughed as she realized Noah was just having fun with her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you being serious, or are you just saying that to be charming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Both! In fact, I was so serious that I came here at noon a month ago in hopes you had the same thought. And then I\u8217\'92ve come every week since, just in case,\u8221\'94 said Noah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that\u8217\'92s a long drive, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 asked Abbie}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two and a half hours each way, plus a couple of hours waiting and hoping you\u8217\'92d come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s like seven hours! You did that four times just in the hope I\u8217\'92d be here too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep!\u8221\'94 Noah said with a proud smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impressive! You are already baking some major boyfriend points.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to redeem them,\u8221\'94 Noah said with a sexy smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me either!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie and Noah spent a few silent moments looking deep into each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Their next kisses were the most connective yet. These kisses established an unspoken bond of their commitment to a future together. A warm, loving embrace followed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie looked up at Noah and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Noah, may I know what my future last name will be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah responded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jenkins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Abbie Jenkins! I love the sound of that. I\u8217\'92d be moving up in the alphabet!\u8221\'94 Abbie then asked, \u8220\'93Does it bother you that I\u8217\'92m already thinking about marriage?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope! Would it surprise you if I told you that I would be shocked if there is not a ring on your finger by this time next year?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wouldn\u8217\'92t surprise me at all. You seem like a man who is not going to wait very long when he knows what he wants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Noah peered deep into Abbie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes and proclaimed, \u8220\'93This is going to work, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26 Abbie responded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got that right!\u8221\'94}}